Hello There
You are a bold one
My Lord, is that legal?
I will MAKE it legal.
I have a bad feeling about this.
Roger, Roger
Master, Destroyers
A communication disruption can only mean one thing...Invasion
Sir, they've gone up the ventilation shaft
The negotiations were short.
The ability to speak does not make you intelligent.
There is always a bigger fish.
This is getting out of hand, now there are two of them.
Are you an angel ?
Mind tricks don't work on me, only money.
Yippee!!
No one can kill a Jedi
Its a trick. Send no reply.
Now THIS is podracing
I'll try spinning, that's a good trick.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
We will watch your career with great interest.
Always two there are. No more, no less. A master and an apprentice.
Jedi business, go back to your drinks.
Well whaddya know!
If an item does not appear in our records... It does not exist!
That's... Why I am here.
Yep!
Possibly.
Your clones are very impressive, you must be very proud.
Not just the men, but the women and the children, too
She can't do that! Shoot her... or something.
This party's over.
I don't like sand. Its coarse, rough, irritating, and it gets everywhere.
This is where the fun begins.
Always on the move.
R2, stop. We need to be going up.
Chancellor, Sith Lords are our speciality.
I've been looking forward to this.
My powers have doubled since we last met, Count.
Twice the pride, double the fall.
Kill him. Kill him now.
How did this happen? We're smarter than this.
This will make a fine addition to my collection.
Another happy landing.
Ironic
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise? I thought not. It’s not a story the Jedi would tell you. It’s a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life… He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful… the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.
Oh I don't think so.
I sense a plot to destroy the Jedi.
I AM the Senate.
It's treason then.
What have I done.
Execute Order 66
